# WorkoutApp
An ios app that can be used to track and log workouts.

The entire application flows through the central TabViewController which has 3 tabs, "Workout", "Calendar", and "Exercises". There is going to be a bullet point about each of these tabs. 
- When you open the app, it opens to the WorkoutViewController which consists of a collection view containing the current workouts. There are 4 workouts in the API at the start that are automatically displayed from the API. If you click on any of the collection view cells, it displays a modal view controller which has a table view of all of the exercises in the workout. At the bottom, there is an "Add Workout" button, and if you click on it, it takes you to a modal view controller where you can create a workout. You can set the name of the workout, and there is a collection view where you select the exercises that you want to be in your workout. Then you click the save button, and it posts the workout to the API containing all of the workouts. 
- When you click on the "Calendar" button in the tab view controller, it loads a calendar. There is a toggle button at the bottom of the page with the options of "Log Session" and "View Session". If you are on the log session one, you can click on any date and it will open a modal view controller. At the top, there is a drop down menu where you choose which workout you want to use on that specific day. Once you choose a workout, it loads the exercises in the workout and allows you to input the Sets, Reps, and Weight you want for each exercise. Once you hit save session, it XXXXXXXXXXXXXX. If you are on the view workout button and you click on a date, you can view the exercises set for that day.
- The last tab, "Exercises" is a table view containing a list of certain exercises with a picture of them and the muscle group that they are targeting. Not sure if you will be able to see the pictures because sometimes they dont load into the github. If you click on an exercise, a modal view controller will open up and you can view the exercise in a bigger area. 
